Contributions only countries api (#3568)
guardian/support-service-lambdas: handlers/contributions-only-countries-api/README.md

# VAT countries list API

This API is an API Gateway triggered lambda to return the list of
VAT compliant countries. It is intended to be used by SDC project

> to prevent users from the countries from the list to see any products besides contributions. The components that should be hidden are: choice cards in epics and banners and in support site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is an API Gateway triggered lambda to return the list of
countries in which we will only sell contributions, not subscription products. 

It is used by [support-dotcom-components](https://github.com/guardian/support-dotcom-components) and [support-frontend](https://github.com/guardian/support-frontend) to ensure that users from the countries listed are not able to purchase any products besides contributions. 
```

Author: Thanks, updated
